Add support for verifying ssl certificates (#596)
webrecorder/pywb: docs/manual/configuring.rst

  enable_flash_video_rewrite: true

The system may be revamped in the future and enabled by default, but for now, it is provided "as-is" for compatibility reasons.

Verify SSL-Certificates
-----------------------

By default, SSL-Certificates of websites are not verified. To enable verification, add the following to the config::

  certificates:

>     cert_req: 'CERT_REQUIRED'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cert_reqs:  'CERT_REQUIRED'
```

typo

    ca_cert_dir: '/etc/ssl/certs'

> ``ca_cert_dir`` should point to a directory containing the CA certificates that you trust. Most linux distributions provide CA certificates via a package called ``ca-certificates``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ca_cert_dir`` can optionally point to a directory containing the CA certificates that you trust. Most linux distributions provide CA certificates via a package called ``ca-certificates``.
If omitted, the default system CA used by Python is used.
```
